add a new input format vidarr_provenance to vidarr plugin (#1350)
oicr-gsi/shesmu: docs/plugin-vidarr.md

    {
      "defaultMaxSubmissionDelay": null,
      "url": "http://vidarr:8000",

>       "versionTypes": []

Reviewer: I think the instance name is still needed in the config?

If a number, in seconds, is given, then the action must have been
(re-)generated by an olive in that window to be submitted to Vidarr. If that
window is exceeded, they will be run as dry-run.

> The vidarr plugin provides an imput format: `vidarr_provenance` which 

Reviewer: imput -> input

> The vidarr plugin provides an imput format: `vidarr_provenance` which 

Reviewer: vidarr -> Vidarr

provides the analyis provenance data.

> To use, add to the configuration file:

Reviewer: 'add to the configuration file' suggests adding this block as secondary to the block defined at line 8. Could these two sections be combined?

    {
      "defaultMaxSubmissionDelay": null,
      "url": "http://vidarr:8000",
      "instance": "development",
      "analysisTypes": ["FILE"],
      "versionTypes": []
    }

> The `"instance"` is used to determine workflow accession values.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what this means. Each URL:port combo can only have one instance.

Author: It's only relevant here: https://github.com/oicr-gsi/shesmu/blob/a69c6b72a083dbca92e203150355e64d88226ab1/plugin-vidarr/src/main/java/ca/on/oicr/gsi/shesmu/vidarr/VidarrPlugin.java#L137. Is there a better way to access the instance name? I don't it's anywhere in the response.

> The `"analysisTypes"` specifies the type of analysis desired. 

Reviewer: What are the available options and how do they affect the content of the input format?

> The `"versionTypes"` specifies the version keys that should be returned; if empty, 

Reviewer: Why is it 'types' in the option and 'keys' in the description? Also what are these; is there a vidarr doc that could be linked?

Reviewer: Yeah I also can't find anything. I've looked at the code and I still don't understand what this means. This should be documented somewhere

If a number, in seconds, is given, then the action must have been
(re-)generated by an olive in that window to be submitted to Vidarr. If that
window is exceeded, they will be run as dry-run.

> The Vidarr plugin provides an input format: `vidarr_analysis` which provides the file type analyis provenance data.

Reviewer 2: Could you please update the docs now that analysisTypes is configurable?

If a number, in seconds, is given, then the action must have been
(re-)generated by an olive in that window to be submitted to Vidarr. If that
window is exceeded, they will be run as dry-run.

> The Vidarr plugin provides an input format: `vidarr_analysis` which provides the file type analyis

Reviewer: No longer only provides the file type analysis

Reviewer: also analyis -> analysis

provenance data.

The `"analysisTypes"` specifies the type of analysis desired. For expected values reference

> the [Vidarr docs](https://github.com/oicr-gsi/vidarr/blob/757cdb311109aefa6bd650172bd78fed04507fb7/vidarr-pluginapi/src/main/java/ca/on/oicr/gsi/vidarr/api/AnalysisOutputType.java).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the [Vidarr AnalysisOutputType class](https://github.com/oicr-gsi/vidarr/blob/master/vidarr-pluginapi/src/main/java/ca/on/oicr/gsi/vidarr/api/AnalysisOutputType.java).
```

window is exceeded, they will be run as dry-run.

The Vidarr plugin provides an input format: `vidarr_analysis` which provides the analysis

> provenance data. To use this input format add the fields to the configuration file as follows:
> 
>     {
>       "defaultMaxSubmissionDelay": null,
>       "url": "http://vidarr:8000",
>       "analysisTypes": ["FILE"],
>       "versionTypes": []
>     }

Reviewer: Again, this could be mistaken for needing to be two parallel objects in the config file. 

```suggestion
provenance data. To use this input format add the fields to the configuration file as follows:

      "analysisTypes": ["FILE"],
      "versionTypes": []
```

The Vidarr plugin provides an input format: `vidarr_analysis` which provides the file type analyis provenance data.

> The `"analysisTypes"` specifies the type of analysis desired. The default is only files.

Reviewer 2: Probably worth linking to the [Vidarr doc for analysis type](https://github.com/oicr-gsi/vidarr/blob/757cdb311109aefa6bd650172bd78fed04507fb7/vidarr-pluginapi/src/main/java/ca/on/oicr/gsi/vidarr/api/AnalysisOutputType.java) since it's controlled vocabulary. 

Also, it doesn't look like "FILES" is set as a default anywhere in the code; only in your example, so please remove or rework the second sentence.

The Vidarr plugin provides an input format: `vidarr_analysis` which provides the file type analyis provenance data.

> The `"analysisTypes"` specifies the type of analysis desired. For excepted values reference the [Vidarr docs](https://github.com/oicr-gsi/vidarr/blob/757cdb311109aefa6bd650172bd78fed04507fb7/vidarr-pluginapi/src/main/java/ca/on/oicr/gsi/vidarr/api/AnalysisOutputType.java).

Reviewer 2: excepted -> expected
